docs(www): add Build a Contact Form reference guide (#14564) (#14768)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/building-a-contact-form.md

More information on creating accessible forms can be found in [WebAIM's article](https://webaim.org/techniques/forms/) on the subject.

## Sending Form Data

When you submit a form, the corresponding data is typically sent to a server to be handled in some manner. More in-depth information on sending form data can be found [on MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Forms/Sending_and_retrieving_form_data).

Each method detailed below will start with the following contact form:

```jsx:title=src/pages/contact.js
<form method="post" action="#">
  <label>
    Name
    <input type="text" name="name" id="name" />
  </label>
  <label>
    Email
    <input type="email" name="email" id="email" />
  </label>
  <label>
    Subject
    <input type="text" name="subject" id="subject" />
  </label>
  <label>
    Message
    <textarea name="message" id="message" rows="5" />
  </label>
  <button type="submit">Send</button>
  <input type="reset" value="Clear" />
</form>
```

### Netlify

> If you're hosting your site with Netlify, you gain access to their excellent form handling feature. Setting this up only invloves adding a few form attributes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're hosting your site with Netlify, you gain access to their excellent [form handling feature](https://www.netlify.com/docs/form-handling/). Setting this up only involves adding a few form attributes:
```

> ```jsx:title=src/pages/contact.js

Reviewer 2: This could be a good place to use a `diff` file type to show what lines have changed from the example above and new code here.

I also had trouble trying to make this work, I put the default starter on Netlify with this code and I don't actually get submissions to go through: https://amazing-roentgen-d0c1a6.netlify.com/netlify/ I also looked at Netlify's example that worked okay, but it uses plenty of JavaScript even though their docs say you just need to add a few html attributes like this.

Do you have an example where you got this working by chance?

Reviewer: I have it working on my site: https://github.com/marcysutton/gatsby-site/blob/master/src/pages/contact.js

const app = express()
app.use(bodyParser.urlencoded())

const contactAddress = "hey@yourwebsite.com"

const mailer = nodemailer.createTransport({
  service: "Gmail",
  auth: {
    user: process.env.production.GMAIL_ADDRESS,
    pass: process.env.production.GMAIL_PASSWORD,
  },
})

app.post("/contact", function(req, res) {
  mailer.sendMail(
    {
      from: req.body.from,
      to: [contactAddress],
      subject: req.body.subject || "[No subject]",
      html: req.body.message || "[No message]",
    },
    function(err, info) {
      if (err) return res.status(500).send(err)
      res.json({ success: true })
    }
  )
})

app.listen(3000)
```

This initial implementation listens for POST requests to `/contact`, and sends you an email with the submitted form data. You can deploy this server with services such as [Now](https://zeit.co/now).

Once deployed, note the url of the deployment (something like `my-project-abcd123.now.sh`), and use it as your form action:

```jsx:title=src/pages/contact.js
<form method="post" action="my-project-abcd123.now.sh/contact">
  ...
</form>
```

Now, all subsequent form submissions will be sent to your email address!

> For an in-depth guide on running your own mail server, you can refer to [this awesome guide by DataFire](https://medium.com/datafire-io/simple-backends-four-ways-to-implement-a-contact-us-form-on-a-static-website-10fc430984a4).

Reviewer: Are there any security/spam implications we should mention here?

Reviewer: I found an article that goes into some of the detail of complexity and spam implications, though it isn't messaged from the perspective of a static site: https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/why-you-may-not-want-to-run-your-own-mail-server

More information on creating accessible forms can be found in [WebAIM's article](https://webaim.org/techniques/forms/) on the subject.

## Sending Form Data

When you submit a form, the corresponding data is typically sent to a server to be handled in some manner. More in-depth information on sending form data can be found [on MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Forms/Sending_and_retrieving_form_data).

Each method detailed below will start with the following contact form:

```jsx:title=src/pages/contact.js
<form method="post" action="#">
  <label>
    Name
    <input type="text" name="name" id="name" />
  </label>
  <label>
    Email
    <input type="email" name="email" id="email" />
  </label>
  <label>
    Subject
    <input type="text" name="subject" id="subject" />
  </label>
  <label>
    Message
    <textarea name="message" id="message" rows="5" />
  </label>
  <button type="submit">Send</button>
  <input type="reset" value="Clear" />
</form>
```

> 

Reviewer: I feel like these vendor options need another heading to transition from the conceptual example to the practical how-tos. How about something like:

```## Form submission options in Gatsby```

Author: Looks good, reflected in the latest commit!
